High speed propellers are designed to. (Level 1)
rotate at high RPM.
operate at high forward speeds.
operate at supersonic tip speeds.
When in the windmill position ATM. (Level 1)
opposes CTM.
is not related to CTM.
assists CTM.
The optimum angle for a fixed pitch propeller is. (Level 1)
15 degrees.
2 - 4 degrees.
6 - 10 degrees.
A left handed propeller is one that. (Level 1)
rotates clockwise when viewed from the rear.
rotates clockwise when viewed from the front.
is fitted to an engine on the left side of the aircraft.
Forces acting on a propeller are. (Level 1)
centrifugal, twisting, and bending.
torque, thrust and centrifugal.
torsion, tension and thrust.
The blade angle at the root is. (Level 1)
less than the tip.
same from tip to root.
greater than the tip.
What force on a propeller blade turns the blades to a fine pitch?. (Level 2)
ATM.
Torque.
CTM.
The purpose of propeller twist is. (Level 2)
coarsen the blade angle at the root.
to maintain Blade Angle along the blade.
to maintain Angle of Attack at the same value along the blade.
The forces acting on a propeller blade are. (Level 2)
bending, twisting and centrifugal.
thrust, aerodynamic and tension.
thrust and torque.
Blade angle at the root is. (Level 2)
low.
high.
master blade angle.
Blade angle is taken from the chord and. (Level 2)
propeller shaft.
relative airflow.
plane of rotation.
What forces act on a propeller blade?. (Level 2)
Thrust and torque.
Bending, thrust, torque.
Bending, CTM and ATM.
A fibreglass composite blade. (Level 1)
will never be struck by lighting.
does not require lightning strike protection.
requires lightning strike protection.
The timber most often used today for propeller construction is. (Level 1)
birch.
spruce.
balsa.
Electronic torque measuring systems utilise. (Level 1)
strain gauges in the reduction gear.
stress gauges in the reduction gear.
pressure transducers in the reduction gear.
A conventional turboprop torque meter uses. (Level 1)
hydraulic oil as the pressure medium.
coiled spring levers as the pressure medium.
engine oil as the pressure medium.
Metal at the tip and along the leading edge of a wooden propeller is. (Level 1)
for balancing.
for protection.
for Anti-icing.
Blade cuffs are fitted to the root of the blades. (Level 1)
to increase the strength of the blade.
to increase thrust.
to increase flow of cooling air into the engine nacelle.
Low torque sensing is used to. (Level 2)
increase power.
increase pitch.
initiate auto-feather.
Torque sensing is used to. (Level 2)
reduce drag.
reduce drag following engine shutdown.
synchronise blade angle.
The minimum percentage seating on a propeller rear cone should be. (Level 2)
90%.
70%.
95%.
The propeller is 'feathered' when the blades are at. (Level 2)
0° to plane of rotation.
20° to plane of rotation.
90° to plane of rotation.
The thrust of a propeller is normally taken by the. (Level 2)
torque meter.
propeller rear cone.
front bearing in the reduction gear.
On which type of turbo-propeller would you expect to find a parking brake?. (Level 2)
Compounded twin spool.
Direct coupled twin spool.
Free turbine.
When the compressive force on a speeder spring is reduced, the propeller blades will. (Level 1)
remain fixed.
fine off.
coarsen.
A hydraulic pitch lock is utilised in a hydromatic propeller to. (Level 1)
lock out the course pitch oil line in the event of underspeeding.
lock out the fine pitch oil line in the event of overspeeding.
prevent the propeller overspeeding in the event of oil supply failure.
When in the beta range, the propeller pitch is controlled. (Level 1)
directly from the power lever.
indirectly from the power lever.
directly from the pitch change mechanism to the PCU.
The advantage of the beta range is it allows. (Level 1)
high power settings with higher than normal pitch settings when in flight.
low fine pitch settings with high power.
low power settings with higher than normal pitch setting for ground manoeuvres.
If the speeder spring pressure of a CSU is increased the blade will. (Level 1)
coarsen off.
fine off.
will not move.
On an underspeed condition the blades are turned to. (Level 1)
fine.
feather.
coarse.
Synchrophasing reduces vibration by the use of. (Level 1)
pulse probes and a single synchrophase unit.
tachometers and correction motors.
coordinating the rpm of each engine.
Synchronising can only be achieved if the slave propeller is. (Level 1)
the same speed as the master.
within 20 rpm of the master.
within 100 rpm of the master.
Synchronising is carried out to. (Level 1)
match propeller tip speed.
match engine rpm.
match blade phase angle difference.
The synchronisation governor monitors. (Level 1)
RPM.
propeller tip speeds.
thrust tip speeds.
Synchronisation is used to. (Level 1)
reduce vibration and noise.
reduce the pitch of the fastest running blade.
preset the phase angle of propellers.
Synchronisation is used. (Level 1)
on the ground.
in flight except landing and take off.
in flight.
The propeller synchronising system is put into operation by. (Level 2)
adjusting the engine rpm at required cruise speed then switching on the synchroniser.
adjusting the engine rpm then propeller rpm to required speed then switching on.
switching on the synchronizer then adjust the engine rpm so that all engines adjust together.
Propellers are synchronised by the. (Level 2)
power lever.
PCU governor.
prop lever.
Unlike the automatic synchronizing system, the synchrophasing system of a two- propeller aircraft. (Level 2)
sets the blade phase angle of two constant speed propellers.
causes the same rotation speed of the two propellers.
matches the blade angle of variable pitch propellers.
In a propeller synchrophasing system, an electric actuator. (Level 2)
rotates (controls) the slave engine governor.
equalizes the governor signals.
turns the flexible shaft leading to the trimmer assembly.
If one signal is lost into the comparator unit when Synchrophasing is operating. (Level 2)
Synchrophasing is lost and the engines continue to function normally.
the slower engine immediately goes to feather.
both engines remain running until there is a difference, of commonly, (4 to 5 percent), at which the slower of the engines is then feathered.
Synchronisation controls RPM within what range?. (Level 2)
100 RPM.
150 RPM.
50 RPM.
Electrically de-iced propeller slip rings have regular resistance checks for. (Level 1)
oxidisation due to altitude.
open circuit heating elements.
wear between brushes and slip ring.
Propeller anti-icing may be achieved by. (Level 1)
using iso-propyl alcohol de-icing fluid sprayed on the blade.
using commercial de-icing fluid sprayed on the pro.
using hot air from the compressor.
De-icing of the propeller can be monitored by. (Level 1)
viewing the deicing fluid level sight glass.
viewing the blade and observing ice falling off the blade.
an ammeter in the flight deck.
Insulation testing of electrical de-icing systems should be periodically carried out because of. (Level 1)
an open circuit in one of the blades.
oxidation due to atmospheric conditions.
wear on the slip rings.
Insulation checks on propeller electrical heating elements should be carried out frequently due to. (Level 1)
short/open circuits in the heating system wires along the propeller blade.
oxidation of slip ring and brush gear assembly.
deposits formed due to the wear of slip ring and brush gear assembly.
Where is the de-icing boot?. (Level 1)
Root.
Trailing edge.
Tip.
How is anti icing fluid fed to the individual blades?. (Level 2)
Pump to a slinger ring.
Pump to each blade rubber feed boot.
Under gravity to the slinger ring then on to the blade.
Ice is removed from blades by. (Level 2)
continuously heated electrical boot.
rubber boots inflated in sequence using compressor hot air.
inboard and outboard boot sections heated in sequence by action of the timer.
Propeller blades are de-iced by. (Level 2)
electrical heating elements bound in rubber overshoes on the blade leading edges.
generating eddy currents in the blade.
electrical heating elements wound around rubber shoes.
Electrical power supplies on large aircraft, for electrical deicing are. (Level 2)
AC.
DC.
Both AC or DC.
Propeller slip rings. (Level 2)
convey oil for PCU to pitch change mechanism.
minimise slip.
conduct electrical power for de-icing.
On an electrical deicing system fast cycle is used. (Level 2)
at low air temperature.
at high air temperature.
on the ground.
Thrust and camber faces of a propeller should be blended out to. (Level 3)
5 times the depth of damage.
10 times to the depth of damage.
30 times to the depth of damage.
An aerodynamic correction factor that is preceded by the letter Q indicates. (Level 3)
thrust balance.
dynamic balance.
torque balance.
Leading edges should be blended out to. (Level 3)
5 times the depth of damage.
10 times the depth of damage.
30 times the depth of damage.
If the tip of an electrical overshoe is torn. (Level 3)
it may be cut back.
it may be classified as acceptable damage.
it must not be cut back.
The shank of the propeller is permitted to have. (Level 3)
no repairs.
minor repairs.
no decals fitted.
When blending out a gouge on the face or camber side of a blade, the additional metal to be removed for stress relief is. (Level 3)
0.02 inch.
0.002 inch.
0.2 inch.
Wooden propellers are permitted. (Level 3)
repairs that do not affect weight and balance.
no repairs.
repairs using sawdust and aeroglue.
The preservative used to protect metal blades is. (Level 3)
lanolin.
brown storage wax.
petroleum jelly.
Composite propellers may have minor repairs carried out by. (Level 3)
any approved 3rd party maintenance organization.
the operator.
any approved composite repair facility.
Details of propeller overhaul may be found in. (Level 3)
Airworthiness Notice 75.
the AMM.
Airworthiness Notice 55.
The ground clearance of a single engine tail wheel aircraft propeller is measured with the aircraft. (Level 3)
tail wheel on the ground.
tail wheel in the take off position.
in the rigging position.
The structural clearance of a multi engine aircraft propeller. (Level 3)
is taken between the engines with the props aligned.
is taken between the prop and the fuselage.
is taken from the ground.
What position should the blades be when installing the pitch change mechanism onto a hydromatic propeller?. (Level 3)
Feather.
Zero pitch.
Full reverse.
The ground (sea) clearance of a sea plane propeller is. (Level 3)
1 inch.
9 inches.
18 inches.
Cropping is permitted to a maximum of. (Level 3)
1 inch on all blades.
½ inch on all blades.
½ inch on one blade only.
Dynamic balance is confirmed by use of. (Level 3)
knife edges and mandrel.
tracking check.
vibration analyser.
A metal propeller may be statically balanced by. (Level 3)
adding varnish to the lighter blade.
removing metal from the opposite blade.
adding or removing lead wool to the hollow blade roots.
Mechanical vibration relating to propellers in a piston powered aircraft. (Level 3)
is due to the crankshaft at intermittent power settings.
is due to the lead lag of the propeller compared to the engine.
is due to the power stroke of the engine and may have a more detrimental effect than aerodynamic vibration.
Aerodynamic Correction Factor (A C F). (Level 3)
corrects for static balance.
is indicated in the form of degrees and minutes of pitch.
corrects for dynamic balance.
A propeller with an adjustable blade can be adjusted. (Level 3)
on the ground with the engine stationary.
in flight.
on the ground with the engine running.
When on the ground with the engine idling the prop control should be. (Level 3)
fully aft with the mixture at idle.
fully aft with the mixture at rich.
fully forward with the mixture at idle.
Operation with the engine at maximum boost should be limited to. (Level 3)
prop at fine to prevent overstressing the engine.
prop at course to prevent overstressing the engine.
prop at windmill to prevent overstressing the engine.
Damage to a leading edge can be blended in comparison to a blade face. (Level 3)
by maintaining a smooth depression.
by not exceeding 25% of the chord.
at a steeper angle.
The longitudinal clearance between the nose wheel and the propeller on a tricycle geared propeller is. (Level 3)
9 inches.
18 inches.
1/2 inch.
A tracking check compares. (Level 3)
2 Adjacent blades.
2 Opposite blades.
any 2 blades.
A line of indentations at one blade section can be. (Level 3)
blended within limits.
left for up to 12 months.
declared unserviceable.
Propeller vibration due to a problem with propeller installations would have a. (Level 3)
the same frequency as turbine vibration.
lower frequency than turbine vibration.
higher frequency than turbine vibration.
Preloading propeller blades before installation prevents. (Level 3)
blade distortion.
blade flutter.
aerodynamic imbalance on the blades.
When unfeathering a propeller, the blade should be put into what position to stop propeller overspeed?. (Level 3)
Negative pitch.
Fine pitch.
Coarse pitch.
Blade angle is measured using a. (Level 3)
clinometer.
propeller protractor.
bevel protractor.
In the Beta range, angle of attack increases. The fuel flow increases, and what else increases?. (Level 3)
Fuel temperature.
EPR and fuel temperature.
RPM and EGT.
With a propeller defect, the frequency of vibration will be. (Level 3)
higher than a auxiliary gearbox defect.
lower than a turbine defect.
higher than a turbine defect.
Blending of propeller blade defects refers to the. (Level 3)
repainting of blade tips after cropping.
matching of paint finishes for appearances.
conversion of rough or sharp edges into smooth depression.
Removal of material from the propeller blade tips, resulting in a reduction in propeller diameter is called. (Level 2)
tipping.
cropping.
topping.
Prior to using the universal propeller protractor. (Level 2)
ensure the propeller blade is at the horizontal.
determine the reference blade station.
check date stamp for serviceability.
To fit a new front cone to a prop shaft firstly. (Level 2)
etch the propeller serial number to the rear face.
cut in half with a hacksaw and etch a unique serial number to both halves.
coat in Engineers blue to ensure seating in the propeller front boss.
Blade tracking is adjusted by. (Level 2)
adding lead wool to the blade shank.
re-seating the propeller on the front and rear cones.
by fitting shims to the propeller shaft hub.
Which of the following functions requires the use of a propeller blade station?. (Level 2)
Indexing blades.
Propeller balancing.
Measuring blade angle.
To conduct a power check of an internal combustion engine requires. (Level 2)
coarse pitch setting and advance the throttle to the target RPM.
fine pitch setting and advance the engine to the target RPM setting.
fine pitch setting and advance the engine to the max RPM setting.
The power output of a turboprop engine is checked by. (Level 2)
reference RPM.
reference Thrust.
reference Torque.
Immediately after blending out damage to to a blade the repair must be. (Level 2)
re-protected against corrosion.
crack checked.
balanced.
How is the efficiency of a turbo prop engine assessed?. (Level 2)
By correcting propeller RPM for ambient Air temperature and barometric pressure.
By comparing compressor and propeller RPM against a reference figure.
By comparing torque meter pressure against a reference figure.
The limits for a tracking check are. (Level 2)
1/4 inch maximum difference between adjacent blades.
1/8 inch maximum difference between opposite blades.
1/8 inch maximum difference between all blades.
After a lightning strike. (Level 2)
the prop must be tracked.
the propeller shaft should be checked for concentricity.
the heater elements should be checked for continuity and insulation.
After overspeeding to 110%. (Level 2)
no action is required.
return propeller for overhaul.
remove propeller for inspection.
Indentations to the blade face are measured. (Level 2)
individually.
individually and collectively.
collectively.
When a propeller has had a report of overspeeding. (Level 2)
procedure is dependant on the extent of overspeeding.
the propeller must be removed and sent to the manufacturer.
the propeller must be removed and tracked.
The most significant effect of stone chips on a propeller is. (Level 2)
thrust output of the propeller.
structural integrity of the propeller.
aerodynamic capability of the propeller.
Rubber components should be stored in. (Level 2)
the dark.
natural light.
flouresent light.
The maximum storage periods for installed propellers are detailed in the. (Level 2)
propeller overhaul and repair manual.
Airworthiness Notices.
aircraft Maintenance Manual.
When storing wooden propellers. (Level 2)
store in a dry well ventilated and illuminated location.
store in a horizontal position.
wrap in greaseproof paper.
A wooden propeller should be stored. (Level 1)
dry and well ventilated area.
in a room with high humidity to stop it drying and cracking.
warm but light storeroom.
A wooden propeller in storage. (Level 1)
should not be wrapped at-all.
should be wrapped tightly.
should be wrapped loosely.
A VP propeller mechanism, for storage for long periods should. (Level 1)
should be completely emptied and dried.
be filled with special inhibiting oil to prevent condensation and corrosion.
be filled with the normal operating oil to prevent condensation and corrosion.
The propeller is driven by an engine with a performance measured in? (Level 1)
High pressure compressor power.
Low pressure compressor power.
Shaft horse power or Brake horse power.
Propellers can also be used as aerodynamic brakes by? (Level 1)
Reversing the direction of air acceleration.
Forward the direction of air acceleration.
Reversing the direction of air deceleration.
The propeller is connected to the propeller shaft by? (Level 1)
The hub.
The root.
The tip.
The way the propeller works is based on? (Level 1)
The reactive principle.
The drag force.
The torque.
Blade Angle is: (Level 1)
The angle between the propeller chord and the rotational plane of the propeller the blade angle
The angle of attack is the angle between the profile chord line and the relative air flow towards it.
The angle between the rotational plane of the propeller and the relative velocity.
As the geometry of the blade changes from the root to the tip, details on chord length, chord thickness and blade angle refer to a particular reference station. This reference station is normally located from? (Level 2)
0.5R - 0.7R.
0.7R - 0.75R.
0.75R - 0.9R.
Because of the higher velocity of the propeller wash behind the propeller plane, its cross−section is? (Level 2)
Reduced there.
Increased there.
Constant there.
The purpose of propeller twist is? (Level 2)
Coarsen the blade angle at the root.
To maintain Blade Angle along the blade.
To maintain Angle of Attack at the same value along the blade.
Blade angle at the root is? (Level 2)
Low.
High.
Master blade angle.
The static loads are superimposing at? (Level 2)
The blade root.
The blade tip.
The mid blade.
Propellers are subdivided into? (Level 1)
Fixed pitch propellers.
Adjustable pitch propellers and Variable pitch propellers.
Fixed pitch propellers, Adjustable pitch propellers and Variable pitch propellers.
What are the characteristics of Fixed Pitch Propeller? (Level 1)
The blade angle (pitch) cannot be changed.
The blade angle can be changed on the ground when the engine is shut down.
The blade angle can be changed during operation.
What are the characteristics of Variable Pitch Propeller? (Level 1)
The blade angle (pitch) cannot be changed.
The blade angle can be changed when the engine is shut down only.
The blade angle can be changed during operation.
Should the engine fail during flight, this blade position is favourable for? (Level 2)
Windmilling. 
High pitch.
Low pitch.
The centrifugal force of the propeller blade mass produces a pitch change moment which turns the blade in the direction of? (Level 2)
High pitch.
Fine pitch. 
Reverse.
If the control valve, as in the Dowdy propeller of the Fokker 50, is mounted behind the gearbox in the PCU, the propeller shaft must have? (Level 2)
One oil transfer tube.
Two oil transfer tubes. 
Three oil transfer tubes.
With a propeller working on the constant speed principle, the RPM selected by the pilot is kept constant by changing? (Level 1)
The blade angle. 
Blade speed.
Torque.
The propeller control lever is also called? (Level 1)
Speed lever only.
Condition lever only.
Speed lever or Condition lever. 
The propeller governor consists of? (Level 1)
A flyweight, a pilot valve, a speeder spring and two gear pumps.
Flyweights, a pilot valve, a speeder spring and a gear pump. 
Flyweights, a pilot valve, two speeder springs and three gear pumps.
To enable thrust to be reduced on the ground even further, turboprop engines have a second control mode called? (Level 1)
The Alpha mode.
The Reverse mode.
The Beta mode. 
The RPM range in alpha mode is relatively small, from: (Level 1)
55% to 70%.
70% to 80%.
95% to 100%.
A reduction in pitch leads to? (Level 2)
A smaller brake moment and thus higher RPM.
A larger brake moment and thus higher RPM.
A larger brake moment and thus lower RPM.
The low RPM stop within the propeller is often set by? (Level 2)
The manufacturer at a higher value.
The manufacturer at a lower value.
The aircraft technician, so that maximum take−off RPM can be reached if the aircraft is stationary.
In the case of propellers with a feathering position, oil pressure works in the direction of? (Level 2)
Fine pitch.
High pitch.
Course pitch.
Engine and Propeller Control in Propeller Governing Mode in which operation mode? (Level 2)
Flight Operation.
Take Off and Flight Operation.
Ground Operation.
Negative torque can occur if? (Level 2)
The engine suddenly loses power on ground.
Gusts hit the propeller and the force of air drives the propeller lower than the engine can do it.
The engine suddenly loses power in flight or gusts hit the propeller and the force of air drives the propeller faster than the engine can do it.
The synchronizer calculates the propeller revolutions with the aid of inductive RPM sensors on? (Level 1)
The propeller shafts.
Blade tip.
Blade root.
If the RPMs of the propellers of multiple engine aircraft deviate even only slightly from each other, this results in? (Level 1)
Vibrations.
Increasing the life span of the structure.
Decreasing the noise.
Operating synchronizing systems automatically matches the revolutions of one or several propellers to the RPM of? (Level 1)
The master engine. 
The right engine.
Speed of Governor shaft.
When the synchronizer system is switched off, the actuator of the slave engine is automatically set to? (Level 2)
The extent position.
The central position. 
The retract position.
The phase position of the slave propeller is? (Level 2)
Always the same with the master propeller.
Some degrees off that of the master propeller. 
Not synchronized the master propeller.
The synchrophasing function is not automatically activated if the power lever is at? (Level 2)
CLIMB.
CRUISE.
TAKE OFF. 
When the aircraft is flying under icing conditions, icing protection is necessary to prevent ice from forming on? (Level 1)
The propeller spinner.
The propeller blades. 
The propeller hub.
How many main methods are used for icing protection? (Level 1)
2 
3
4
The fluid anti-icing system of the propeller uses? (Level 1)
An alcohol based liquid. 
Electrical power.
Purified water.
The fluid anti-icing system of the propeller, a pump injects the fluid into a slinger ring on the propeller. From there it runs by? (Level 2)
Axial force onto the grooved anti−icing rubber.
Drag force onto the grooved anti−icing rubber.
Centrifugal force onto the grooved anti−icing rubber.
Due to the amount of anti−icing fluid on board, the aircraft must be constantly monitored, so the system works? (Level 2)
Fine and a precaution is not needed.
Only as a precaution and must be activated before icing begins.
Only as a precaution and must be activated after icing begins.
In the electrical de−icing systems, Control components in the system switch the heating element segments? (Level 2)
Alternately on and off.
Continuously on.
Continuously off.
What is TSO? (Level 1)
Time since overhaul.
Time since overall.
Time soon overhaul
Static and dynamic imbalances are caused by? (Level 1)
Difference of speed.
Unequal mass distribution.
Difference of torque.
Balancing the propeller to reduce the moment of imbalance is known as? (Level 1)
Dynamic balancing.
Static balancing.
Hub balancing.
Metal propellers are particularly prone to? (Level 2)
Metal fatigue.
Metal bending.
Gouge on metal surface.
Information on permissible repairs can be found in? (Level 2)
The manufacturer’s manuals.
The operator’s manuals.
The mechanic handbook.
During periodic inspections the hub must be checked for? (Level 2)
Cracks and corrosion. 
Nick and gouge.
Dent and delamination.
When inspecting a composite blade, this has to be checked? (Level 2)
In the same way as all other composite structures. 
In the same way as all other metal structures.
Follow the special procedure.
Skin perforated damage of composite blade? (Level 2)
Debonding.
Lightning strike, holes. 
Scratches.
Cracks in the paint across the blade of WOODEN PROPELLERS are signs of flexural vibrations. Cracks through the leading edge tipping are the result. If the tipping is cracked in this way? (Level 3)
Maintenance is not required.
It must be replaced after 500 flight hours.
It must be replaced immediately. 
When handling small aircraft do not pull using the outside of the propeller blades but use? (Level 3)
The propeller spinner instead.
The propeller tip instead.
The propeller root instead. 
When an engine fitted with can oil operated propeller is stopped with the propeller in the feather position, what do we must remember? (Level 3)
No warning or caution is required.
We can unfeather the propeller by attempting to start the engine.
Never unfeather the propeller by attempting to start the engine and actuating the feathering mechanism.
Installed propellers require to be kept in? (Level 1)
A clean condition and inspection is not required.
A clean condition and inspected at regular intervals for corrosion. 
A clean condition and inspected at regular intervals for bending.
Assembled propellers should be stored on? (Level 1)
Racks or stands in a clean, cold environment.
Racks in a clean, wet environment.
Racks or stands in a clean, dry and warm environment.
The maximum storage period is up to 3 years with inhibiting checks every? (Level 1)
6 months.
12 months.
24 months.
In the event that an engine ground run can not be carried out then? (Level 2)
The pitch change mechanism must be exercised by unfeathering the propeller only.
The pitch change mechanism must be exercised by feathering the propeller only.
The pitch change mechanism must be exercised by feathering and unfeathering the propeller.
If the propeller is to be stored ’on the wing’ for periods in excess of 3 months then the pitch change mechanism should be? (Level 2)
Flushed out with an any oil and then covered with waxed paper.
Flushed out with an any oil and then covered with fabric.
Flushed out with an inhibiting oil and then covered with waxed paper.
The propeller should be? (Level 2)
Kept in the original manufacturers packing but if the original packing is not available it should be wrapped in plastic material.
Not kept in the original manufacturers packing.
Kept in the original manufacturers packing but if the original packing is not available it should be wrapped in waxed paper.
