Which system providing communication within the aircraft? (Level 1)
@@The Cabin Intercommunication Data System (CIDS)
The Cabin Network Service (CNS)
The Cabin Inflight Entertaiment System (IFE)
Which system providing communication between the aircraft cabin and ground stations? (Level 1)
The Cabin Intercommunication Data System (CIDS)
@@The Cabin Network Service (CNS)
The Cabin Inflight Entertaiment System (IFE)
The Cabin Intercommunication Data System provides an interface between (Level 1)
Cockpit and cabin systems
Cabin crew and cabin systems
@@Cockpit/cabin crew and cabin systems
Cabin Systems are used to communicate (Level 1)
@@Both within the aircraft cabin and between the cabin and the cockpit
Within the aircraft cabin
Between the cabin and the cockpit
The Cabin Systems also include (Level 1)
System for inflight entertainment (IFE) of passengers.
System used by passengers to communicate with the ground.
@@Systems for inflight entertainment (IFE) of passengers, and systems used by passengers to communicate with the ground.
Older aircraft cabin systems used (Level 1)
digital electronics
@@analog electronics
Both analog and digital electronics
A cabin intercommunication data system is used by (Level 1)
Flight attendants
Flight attendants and passengers
@@Flight attendants, pilots, and passengers
A cabin network service is (Level 1)
@@A digital system that is typically hosted on a server within the aircraft
An analog system that is typically hosted on a server within the aircraft
A digital or analog system that is typically hosted on a server within the aircraft
In Boeing 777. The cabin service system includes (Level 1)
both the cabin intercommunication data system and the inflight entertaiment system.
@@both the cabin intercommunication data system and the cabin network service.
both the cabin network service and the inflight entertaiment system.
In Boeing 777. The cabin service system uses (Level 1)
Only one data bus system.
Two different data bus systems
@@Three different data bus systems
The central processor of the Boeing 777 cabin service system is (Level 1)
@@The cabin systems management unit (CSMU)
The cabin central processor unit (CCPU)
The Directors
The IFE equipment of each Boeing 777 passenger seat typically includes (Level 1)
A video display and an audio headphone jack.
@@A video display, an audio headphone jack, and controls for selecting specific video or audio content to be enjoyed by the passenger.
A video display  and controls for selecting specific video or audio content to be enjoyed by the passenger.
The data routes from the IFE computer to the individual passenger seats  through. (Level 1)
The CSMU (Cabin systems management unit)
The ZMUs (Zone management units)
@@The CSMU and the ZMUs,
The aircraft’s external communication system is used to connect with (Level 1)
@@A ground-based network.
A satellite-based network.
Either a ground-based network or a satellite-based network.
For the aircraft’s external communication system connect with satellite-based network. The antenna (Level 1)
Will be mounted on the lower surface of the aircraft, usually on the belly of the fuselage.
Will be mounted on the lower surface of the aircraft or on the upper surface of the aircraft
@@Must be mounted to the upper surface of the aircraft
For the aircraft’s external communication system connect with ground-based network. The antenna (Level 1)
@@Will be mounted on the lower surface of the aircraft, usually on the belly of the fuselage.
Will be mounted on the lower surface of the aircraft or on the upper surface of the aircraft
Must be mounted to the upper surface of the aircraft
Ground-based networks use (Level 1)
Internet to communicate with the aircraft.
Wired towers to communicate with the aircraft.
@@Radio towers to communicate with the aircraft.
The cabin mass memory system is (Level 1)
Where allow controls the cabin system.
@@Where the data that is used in the cabin is stored.
Central processor of cabin system
Which following statement is correct for cabin mass memory system? (Level 1)
@@The mass memory system can be programmed with cabin configuration information.
The mass memory system can not be programmed with cabin configuration information.
The mass memory system can be programmed with cockpit configuration information.
Which following statement is correct for cabin mass memory system? (Level 1)
The system can not be updated.
@@The system can be updated, when necessary, through a data loading system.
The system can be automatically updated.
Cabin monitoring systems are used to (Level 1)
Monitor the cabin crews.
Monitor the passenger in cabin.
@@Monitor various conditions in the passenger cabin.
In the Cabin monitoring systems. Information about the conditions being monitored can be accessed by (Level 1)
Passengers in real time.
@@Flight attendants in real time.
Maintenance staffs only
In the Cabin monitoring systems. Information about the conditions can also be stored and accessed later for (Level 1)
Troubleshooting
Trend monitoring
@@Purposes such as troubleshooting and trend monitoring.
The cabin Wi-Fi, which allows passengers (Level 1)
@@To connect their own personal devices to an on-board Wi-Fi system.
To connect cabin system devices to an on-board Wi-Fi system.
To connect their own personal devices to cabin interphone system.
Which systems support data exchange of the different related LRU’s and they are typically operated via Flight Attendant Panels. (Level 1)
@@The Cabin Intercommunication Data System (CIDS)
The Cabin Inflight Entertaiment System (IFE)
The Cabin Network Service (CNS)
Cabin Core System are include: (Level 1)
Inflight Entertainment System; External Communication System; Cabin Mass Memory System.
Inflight Entertainment System; External Communication System; Miscellaneous Cabin System.
@@Inflight Entertainment System; External Communication System; Cabin Mass Memory System; Cabin Monitoring System; Miscellaneous Cabin System.
Which system used for addressing passengers through overhead cabin speakers? (Level 1)
Cabin Interphone
@@Passenger Address
Flight Attendant Calling
Which system used for communication among the cabin crew members, and also between the cabin and the flight deck? (Level 1)
Flight Attendant Calling
Passenger Address
@@Cabin Interphone
Which system allows passengers to call for assistance from the cabin crew? (Level 1)
@@Flight Attendant Calling
Cabin Interphone
Passenger Address
Which system showing the aircraft’s current location, altitude, and airspeed (Level 1)
The Indication System
@@Moving Map Displays
The Display System
A cabin network service is essentially (Level 1)
A cabin telephone
A cabin computer
@@A computer Local Area Network (LAN) within the aircraft
Operation of thecabin network service wireless systems is (Level 1)
@@Not permitted during takeoffs and landings.
Not permitted during flight.
Not permitted during takeoffs.
The three different data bus systems used in  Boeing 777 cabin service system are (Level 1)
ARINC 629, the ARINC 429 and ARINC 628.
@@ARINC 629, the CSS Intersystem Bus and ARINC 628.
ARINC 429, the CSS Intersystem Bus, and ARINC 628.
Which bus the Boeing 777 cabin service system connects to the aircraft information management system (AIMS)? (Level 1)
@@The ARINC 629 bus
The CSS Intersystem Bus
The ARINC 628 bus
Which bus is a data transfer bus internal to the cabin system  in the Boeing 777 cabin service system? (Level 1)
The ARINC 629 bus
@@The CSS Intersystem Bus
The data transfer bus
Which bus is a data interface specifically designed for use with inflight entertainment (IFE) systems in the Boeing 777 cabin service system? (Level 1)
@@The ARINC 628 bus
The CSS Intersystem Bus
The ARINC 429 bus
The cabin systems management unit (CSMU) is connected to (Level 1)
The CSS Intersystem Bus
The aircraft’s main ARINC 429 data bus.
@@The aircraft’s main ARINC 629 data bus.
The cabin systems management unit (CSMU) connects to the IFE system through (Level 1)
@@The ARINC 628 bus
The ARINC 429 bus
The aircraft’s main ARINC 429 data bus.
Cabin attendant handsets (CAHs) are connected to (Level 1)
The cabin systems management unit (CSMU)
The cabin systems control panel (CSCP)
@@The zone management unit (ZMU)
Cabin Networks can transfer large volumes of data to many different locations by using (Level 1)
@@Multiplexing and demultiplexing techniques
Modulation and demodulation techniques
Coding and decoding techniques
Which PA announcements have higher priority? (Level 1)
Cabin Crew PA announcements
@@Pilot's PA announcements
Both Pilot's PA announcements and Cabin Crew PA announcements have same priority level
The IFE equipment typically includes (Level 1)
@@A video display, an audio headphone jack, and controls for selecting specific video or audio content to be enjoyed by the passenger
A video display and controls for selecting specific video or audio content to be enjoyed by the passenger
A controls for selecting specific video or audio content to be enjoyed by the passenger
For connecting with the external networks, the aircraft uses (Level 1)
A router that is connected to dedicated radio transmitting equipment.
A router that is connected to dedicated radio receiving equipment.
@@A router that is connected to dedicated radio transmitting and receiving equipment.
Which system can multiplex and de-multiplex many channels, and carry information to many destinations simultaneously? (Level 1)
A low-speed digital data transfer system
@@A high-speed digital data transfer system
Both low and high-speed digital data transfer system
The main advantage of the Iridium system is (Level 1)
@@The world-wide coverage capability
It not have disruptive connections
More cheap
The Advantages of using WI-FI inside an aircraft cabin in comparison to hard-wired aircraft systems are: (Level 1)
Higher speed, easier and improved access to data and information and Hard points are eliminated (Ethernet) for connection to the internet.
Better accessibility throughout the aircraft cabin and information and Hard points are eliminated (Ethernet) for connection to the internet.
@@Higher speed, easier and improved access to data and information, Better accessibility throughout the aircraft cabin and Hard points are eliminated (Ethernet) for connection to the internet.
Which cameras essentially provide a real-time presentation of the aircraft's position for passengers? (Level 1)
@@Outside video cameras
Inside video cameras
All cameras
Which cameras are commonly used and the video is usually incorporated in other flight data as part of the individual passenger network displays? (Level 1)
Cabin Cameras and Cockpit door cameras
@@"Forward looking” and "down looking” cameras
All cameras
