Traditionally, what are used for the storage medium? (Level 1)
@@Paper, Microfilm and microfiche
Paper, Microfilm
Microfilm and microfiche
What is a disadvantage of microfilm and microfiche? (Level 1)
They have a low capacity
@@Special equipment was needed to magnify the images so that they could be viewed. The microfilm or microfiche was useless if the viewing equipment malfunctioned, or if it was not available when the information needed to be accessed
They have a slow access speed
ROM is stand for? (Level 1)
Read over memory
Read only movement
@@Read only memory
In old B777 aircraft, what are traditionally use by flight crew for accessing information? (Level 1)
@@Flight bag
EFB
Paper
In modern B777 aircraft, what are use by flight crew for accessing information? (Level 1)
Flight bag
@@EFB
Paper
TWLU stand for? (Level 1)
Terminal Wire LAN Unit
Term Wireless LAN Unit
@@Terminal Wireless LAN Unit
LAN stand for? (Level 1)
@@Local area network
Local access network
Link area network
CIU stand for? (Level 1)
Camera integrated unit
@@Camera interface unit
Cell interface unit
What kind of technology is used by maintenance personnel? (Level 1)
DU
EFB
@@Maintenance Information Systems
What statement is correct? (Level 1)
@@Flight crews need to access the EFB’s information while in flight
Flight crews need to access the EFB’s information while in on ground only
Flight crews do not need to access the EFB’s information while in flight
What statement is correct? (Level 1)
Maintenance personnel need to access different kinds of information while the aircraft is in flight.
@@Maintenance personnel need to access different kinds of information while the aircraft is on the ground.
Maintenance personnel need to access different kinds of information while the aircraft is on the ground and in flight
What are advantages of using electronic format? (Level 1)
The space and weight saving
The ability to quickly locate the designed information
@@The space and weight saving, the ability to quickly locate the designed information
Which system provide advantages to the cabin crew? (Level 1)
@@Passenger cabin information system
Flight deck information system
Maintenance information system
AIMS stand for? (Level 1)
Airplane integrated management system
@@Airplane information management system
Airplane information moment system
What advantage of modern computer? (Level 1)
It can store very large amounts of information
It can process very large amounts of information
@@It can store and process very large amounts of information
What allows the 777 Electronic Flight Bag database to be wirelessly updated? (Level 1)
@@The TWLU contains a radio transmitter and receiver that creates a Local Area Net work (LAN) bet ween the airplane and a ground-based network
the aircraft’s data loader
the FMS
What information does MMR provide? (Level 1)
Aircraft altitude
@@Aircraft position
Aircraft attitude
What are databases accessible through the EFB? (Level 1)
Aeronautical charts, airport maps and charts  with real-time position monitoring, manuals
Manuals, minimum equipment lists, and logbooks
@@Aeronautical charts, airport maps and charts  with real-time position monitoring, manuals, minimum equipment lists, and logbooks
What statement is correct? (Level 1)
@@Information system furnish a means of storing, updating and retrieving digital information
Information system furnish a means of storing, updating digital information
Information system furnish a means of storing, retrieving digital information
DU stand for? (Level 1)
Drive unit
@@Display unit
Domain unit
MMR stand for (Level 1)
Multi-mode Replaceable
Maintenance mode receiver
@@Multi-mode receiver
What information does The flight attendant’s manual contains for cabin crew members? (Level 1)
@@Check lists, procedures, secuity information, and information about safety devices and systems on the aircraft
Check lists, procedures, secuity information
Information about safety devices and systems on the aircraft
What statement is correct? (Level 1)
Smartphones are very well suited for storing and retrieving maintenance information in the aviation maintenance environment
@@Laptop computers are very well suited for storing and retrieving maintenance information in the aviation maintenance environment
EFBs are very well suited for storing and retrieving maintenance information in the aviation maintenance environment
What data does the EFB system receives from? (Level 1)
AIMS only
MMRs only
@@AIMS and MMRs
What is the purpose of an electronic flight bag? (Level 1)
Electronic information storage system for pilots
@@EFB to access information that would traditionally have been found in various printed publications and carried aboard in a flight bag.
replacing traditional printed navigation charts
Examples are aircraft general information systems include: flight deck information systems, maintenance information systems, and......information systems. (Level 1)
@@passenger cabin
Cockpit
Maintenance
An electronic flight bag (EFB) is part of the......information system (Level 1)
Maintenance
@@flight deck
Passenger
On a 777 equipped with the EFB, the system displays information on......that are installed on the flight deck. (Level 1)
MMR
LAN
@@the two Display Units (DUs).
Maintenance crews use maintenance manuals, illustrated parts catalogs, wiring diagram manuals, service bulletins, and other technical data stored in the....... (Level 1)
@@Maintenance information system.
Passenger information system
Flight information system
A......computer can be used to access electronically stored maintenance information of the aircraft. (Level 1)
Ipad
@@laptop
Smartphone
What digital electronics do allows flight attendants to access information? (Level 1)
smartphone
laptop
@@a computer tablet that contains the manual.
What purpose of update the information for miscellaneous information system? (Level 1)
@@to ensure that the most  up-to-date version is being used
to comply with recommend from manufactures
to comply with maintenance procedures from the operator
Reduced weight, reduced bulk and ease of updating are advantages of electronic aircraft......systems. (Level 1)
integrated
@@information.
cockpit
How to update the 777 Electronic Flight Bag’s databases (Level 1)
they can be updated through the aircraft’s data loader
@@they can be updated through the aircraft’s data loader, but they can also be updated wirelessly
they can be updated wirelessly
What statement is correct? (Level 1)
The TWLU contains a radio transmitter only
The TWLU contains LAN only
@@The TWLU contains a radio transmitter and receiver that creates a Local Area Net work (LAN) bet ween the airplane and a ground-based network
Instead of maps and charts, maintenance crews use (Level 1)
Maintenance manuals, wiring diagrams, parts catalogs, Airworthiness directions
Structure repair manuals, wiring diagrams, parts catalogs, service bulletins
@@Maintenance manuals, illustrated parts catalogs, wiring diagram manuals, service bulletins, and other technical data.
The three domains in the Network Server System are known as: (Level 1)
Avionics domain; Flight operations; Communications domain
@@Avionics domain; Flight operations; Communications and cabin domain
Avionics domain; Cabin operations; Communications and cabin domain
In the 777 system, How to the EUs send information to the DUs (Level 1)
@@Thourgh fiber-optic cables
Thourgh aluminum wiring
Thourgh copper wiring
What statement is correct? (Level 1)
The information displayed on the DCDU provided to the flight crew from the ATC ground centres
The information displayed on the DCDU provided to the flight crew from the VOR ground centres
@@The information displayed on the DCDU provided to the flight crew from the ATC ground centres and enables the crew to send responses to ATC messages received
The flight operations domain consists of: (Level 1)
a server and router
a server and terminals in the flight deck
@@a server, router and terminals in the flight deck
What statement is correct? (Level 1)
@@ATIMS provides a means for a swift transfer of data via datalink between airplane and ground stations
ATIMS provides a means for a swift transfer of data via datalink between airplanes only
ATIMS provides a means for a swift transfer of data via datalink between ground stations
The software loaded into the ATSU includes ? (Level 1)
ATSU Airplane Interface software, ATSU configuration software
@@ATSU Airplane Interface software, ATSU configuration software, ATSU router software, Airline Operation Control software, Airline Operation Control databases, ATC FANS A+ applications.
ATSU Airplane Interface software, ATSU configuration software, ATSU router software, Airline Operation Control software
